Edits ESC/OIDC content and links (#3605)
pulumi/pulumi-hugo: themes/default/content/docs/pulumi-cloud/esc/providers/_index.md

> Pulumi ESC Providers enable you to dynamically import Secrets and Configuration from the provider into your Environment.

Reviewer: Since these aren't proper names, they should be lowercase:

```suggestion
Pulumi ESC providers enable you to dynamically import secrets and configuration into your environment.
```

> To learn more about how to set up and use the various providers, please refer to their individual pages below. You can also learn how to configure OIDC and trust relationships for each provider by referring to the relevant [Pulumi documentation](/docs/pulumi-cloud/oidc/).

Reviewer: Bit of an editorial note: Totally guilty of this myself sometimes, but in general, for various reasons (accessibility, clarity, definitely SEO), it's best to have link text include words that relate closely to the page the link points to. Rather than "see the relevant documentation", we should instead say what the relevant documentation is by using the link text to name it:

```suggestion
To learn how to set up and use each provider, follow the links below. To learn how to configure OpenID Connect (OIDC) for the providers that support it, see [OpenID Connect integration](/docs/pulumi-cloud/oidc/) in the Pulumi Cloud documentation.
```
